If I'm not mistaken
Bodies are still buried around the village
Go look for it
Xun, you are amazing
How do you know the deceased didn't commit suicide?
The killer is smart
But he missed a crucial point.
That is the deceased if it is himself
How is it possible to throw a matchbox?
Who is in the coffin?
The only explanation is that the murderer was someone else
What must be a murderer?
The bride wants help from the outside world but can't do business
Grabbing a matchbox and throwing it out the window
Was discovered by the murderer
In the chaos, the deceased killed a murderer
While the other murderer tried to protect himself
Rescue it
Burn the house down
Disguise accomplices as dead brides
But think about my sister's murderer if it weren't for ghosts
Who will it be?
Whoever he is
He will definitely find him
Ah Nobita
Your good brother Su Daqiang came to see you just now.
He said that Bitter Winter wants to invite you to dinner?
Boy, don't blame me for being cruel
I really can't keep you